OCPBUGS-54909: Add multicast snooping (#92115)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/configuring-localnet-switched-topology.adoc

        allow-extra-patch-ports: true
        options:
          stp: false
          mcast-snooping-enable: true <4>
        port:
        - name: eth1 <5>
    ovn:
      bridge-mappings:
      - localnet: localnet2 <6>
        bridge: ovs-br1 <7>
        state: present <8>
----

> <1> The name for the configuration object.
> <2> A node selector that specifies the nodes to apply the node network configuration policy to.
> <3> A new OVS bridge, separate from the default bridge used by OVN-Kubernetes for all cluster traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Specifies the name of the configuration object.​
<2> Specifies a node selector that identifies the nodes to which the node network configuration policy applies.​
<3> Specifies a new OVS bridge that operates separately from the default bridge used by OVN-Kubernetes for cluster traffic.​
```
Just a writing suggestion to improve [Callout in code blocks](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#callouts-in-code-blocks).

Reviewer 2: +1

> <4> The state of multicast snooping. When enabled, multicast snooping prevents network devices from flooding multicast traffic to all members of the network. By default, an OVS bridge does not enable multicast snooping. The default value is`false`.
> <5> A network device on the host system to associate with this new OVS bridge.
> <6> The name for the additional network from which traffic is forwarded to the OVS bridge. This additional network must match the name of the `spec.config.name` field of the `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` CRD that defines the OVN-Kubernetes additional network.
> <7> The name of the OVS bridge on the node. This value is required only if you specify `state: present`.
> <8> The state for the mapping. Must be either `present` to add the bridge or `absent` to remove the bridge. The default value is `present`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> Specifies whether to enable multicast snooping. When enabled, multicast snooping prevents network devices from flooding multicast traffic to all network members. By default, an OVS bridge does not enable multicast snooping. The default value is `false`.
<5> Specifies the network device on the host system to associate with the new OVS bridge.
<6> Specifies the name of the additional network that forwards traffic to the OVS bridge. This name must match the value of the `spec.config.name` field in the `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` CRD that defines the OVN-Kubernetes additional network.
<7> Specifies the name of the OVS bridge on the node. The value is required only when `state: present` is set.
<8> Specifies the state of the mapping. Valid values are `present` to add the bridge or `absent` to remove the bridge. The default value is `present`.
```

Same suggestion as above to improve writing style for [Callout in code blocks](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#callouts-in-code-blocks).

Reviewer 2: > Use `present` to add the bridge and `absent` to remove the bridge. The default value is `present`.

Alternative sentence structure.

Reviewer 2: +1 : for the suggested nits
